Add Results section and standardise "shy" terminology (#940)
Dyalog/documentation: programming-reference-guide/docs/component-files/component-files.md

## Tie Numbers

> A file is tied by associating a **file name** with a **tie number**. Tie numbers are integers in the range 1 - 2147483647 and, you can supply one explicitly, or have the interpreter allocate the next available one by specifying 0. The system functions which tie files return the tie number as a "[shy](../introduction/results.md)" result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A file is tied by associating a **file name** with a **tie number**. Tie numbers are integers in the range 1 - 2147483647; you can supply one explicitly, or have the interpreter allocate the next available one by specifying `0`. The system functions that tie files return the tie number as a [shy](../introduction/results.md) result.
```
